two simple questions to get better
qualified sales leads from your website
hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host of the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
if you're anything like us you may come
across inquiries every now and then that
aren't the best fit for your business
that could be because the prospect
doesn't have enough cash that could be
because they're enquiring for the wrong
type of service perhaps they don't have
the right timeline perhaps they don't
understand your process or maybe it's
something else so i'm going to share
with you two questions to ask your
customers that's going to help gear your
website to get you better qualified
sales leads so the two questions you
need to ask are very straightforward
number one what do you like about our
current website number two what can we
do to improve our website so i asked
these questions recently to one of our
clients who
supplies and fits luxury flooring
typically for fairly high net worth
individuals you're talking five grand
plus deal size and straight away because
they're out there every day on the field
they said yep our customers usually give
us this feedback they say they really
like the faq sections they like the blog
articles the resources are on the site i
said great that's good to hear that's a
common
piece of feedback number two what did
they say could be improved was they'd
like to see an idea of pricing and
they'd like to see some examples of past
work
so i said great if that's something
that's regularly coming up
let's get on the website
because number one with the pricing it's
gonna help qualify people better so you
won't get leads that perhaps don't have
the budget to work with you now if
you're a company that has quite generic
pricing perhaps you've got model a b c
great get that page up get the benefits
the value up there add some social proof
testimonials recommendations etc and so
you can get more qualified inquiries
if you have more custom pricing then
perhaps you can look at project rates
and explain that our projects are
typically from a to b from x to y from
z to d depending on what the project is
get in touch with us we can offer you a
consultation where we can understand
your goals your needs and then suggest a
project rate and see if we can help you
so that's great so we implemented that
page onto their site because customers
said they wanted to see it secondly they
said they want to see a gallery of work
great let's put it up there let's show
the type of work we can do and get
better fit clients the reason you're
asking these questions is because you're
asking
your existing customers they already
know like and trust you
really you want to be doing this with a
sample size of ideally 10 or so clients
if you've got less then do as many as
you can and the reason we're doing it is
because we want to replicate so these
are clients we enjoy working with we
want to get more of the same type of
clients so if we can understand what
they want to see on our site we can get
make that happen and we can get benefit
clients to grow our company there you
have it those are the two simple
questions you need to ask your existing
customers to get better qualified sales
leads from your website and put it into
play as soon as you can as always if you
enjoyed this episode do hit that
subscribe button it's much appreciated
and if you're tuning in from the audio
podcast why not leave us a quick review
really helps us and with that i shall
catch you on the next one cheers